Here's a detailed transcript of the meeting titled "CSI Migration discussion - 180531 - Taiwan Official Letter Manag" with participants Baracho, April; Devarajan, Kirithiga; Richhariya, Rishabh; Loney, Thomas Gerard, Gaurav.

Gaurav Saxena: [00:00] to be decide that.
Gaurav Saxena: [00:05] Yeah, that's right. April, right?
April Baracho: [00:11] Uh, well, that's what we discussed last time. So, Tom, just for background, there's this app, uh, that is in scope of encryption based on their app, uh, attributes. Uh, the inception date is, I think it's 2026, is that right? Um, so it's in development right now, um, and they have confidential PII.
April Baracho: [00:35] So, they are in scope, uh, of encryption by virtue of the fact that it's a new application.
April Baracho: [00:42] Now, they are migrating from an existing CSI. What I'd asked the team to check with you is if they retain the, uh, inception date of the existing application that they're migrating from, in which case they wouldn't be in scope for encryption, or if they have a brand new inception date.
April Baracho: [01:02] So, that's how, I guess I'm part of this discussion. And then if it's determined to be a new inception date, they would be in scope and then I take that forward for the encryption piece.
Gaurav Saxena: [01:14] This few points, it's not a new application. It's a existing application which is running in production as of now. The new part would be the infrastructure change which would be done, right?
April Baracho: [01:25] Yeah, but you have a new, uh, CSI, right? The...
Gaurav Saxena: [01:28] Yeah, CSI is new. That correct.
April Baracho: [01:30] Okay.
Gaurav Saxena: [01:31] But since it's a vendor, uh, product and we are just catering the infrastructure. So, we don't have much, um, technology, how that, that would, that encryption would affect the application. Right? If we...
April Baracho: [01:44] Yeah, that, that's a secondary discussion. First, let's see, uh, if you're in scope for encryption.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [01:51] Okay, I'm trying to look up the original entry just to get some context here.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [02:32] Okay. So, this is the entry we're talking about, this 180531. And this is saying it's a functional split from this existing CSI entry.
Gaurav Saxena: [02:52] That's correct.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [02:57] Um, and the original CSI entry is CRC Compliance Risk Management. Correct?
Gaurav Saxena: [03:05] Yes.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [03:07] So, the system that's up and running in production today is running under this ID. And I just want to make sure I have the right understanding. So, we're splitting off the Taiwan functionality only into a new CSI entry. Is that correct?
Rishabh Richhariya: [03:34] So, this is a separate application altogether which we are splitting from this CSI to the, uh, new dedicated CSI.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [03:43] What do you mean by a separate application altogether? What does that mean when you say that?
Rishabh Richhariya: [03:49] So, when you are saying like we are splitting only the Taiwan functionality, uh, so that application is specifically for Taiwan region only and that that that whole application is like, uh, splitting from this CSI ID to a separate CSI ID. That's what I am meaning to say that.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [04:07] Okay. Um, when we're splitting out an application like this, um, there's two different ways that we, we characterize it. One is functional split. And if you look at the, the guidance, it says functionality in another application is being separated out into its own independent architecture. So, we're basically like we're doing new development when it's a functional split. The separation will require changes to code set and or infrastructure to host the new application and a project may be required to perform this work. Due to the need for work to implement the new application, the inception date should be in the future. The relationship to the originating CSI must be recorded in the Reason App Added comments field. Inception date must be in the future. By contrast, we also have what we refer to as an administrative split. And the way that I would think about this is we've, we've got a CSI entry that multiple logical systems are running under, and it should never have been set up that way to begin with. So, we're correcting the way that we've got things established in our inventory. It would be a scenario where we really have multiple applications that were incepted some time ago that are, you know, logically they should have been separate applications to begin with, but some sort of error was made or some sort of faulty decision was made to bucket all that stuff into one app ID and now we're correcting that. We're saying it's really two applications instead of one.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [05:59] Because that's what's, that's the reality. We're just not reflecting that way in in our CSI inventory. So, um, only administrative, only administrative work is required. It will be registered using an inception date showing when its functionality originally moved to production, that is a historical date, and will immediately have a status of production and be required to meet all production standards from the date of approval in CSI. So, that's the rub. It's, we're saying, well, we made a mistake. We should have had a separate app ID. We're fixing it today. So, we're, we're doing an administrative split. Now we're going to have two apps in production instead of one, because that's what really, it should have been its own app ID to begin with and we're correcting that problem.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [07:08] So, you're able to retain the original inception date, which it sounds like we're, we're trying to go down that path here because we're saying, well, this is really something that's up in production already. We're just, you know, we're, it should have been its own app ID, so we're splitting it out. You can't just like take it through an SDLC to get it to production status. You're saying this is a problem, we're fixing it today and as of today, this is going to be in production. So, as soon as we do that, it's going to have a status of production. It's going to have the original inception date and it's going to start flagging for any problems that any other production application would have if, if it's not meeting all of the requirements for, you know, MFA or information security reviews or whatever, all that stuff has to be in order before we flip the switch and create the new app ID and say it's in production.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [08:34] So, I have one query here. At least what I see in the screen, it says like, uh, what, when it has to be considered as an admin split, it requires no additional development or infrastructure procurement. I see a different, of course we don't have any active development, we are not going, the entire software development lies with the vendor, that is true. But as per the, uh, regulatory mandate or something, we should move the way how we consume the EFS, what you server which is the existing infra to a new, uh, application and that needs to be installed in the DMZ zone. So, that kind of incurs a new infrastructure procurement, right? So will that cause any impact on our decision to go with an administrative split or we are still good to be considered as an administrative split, since it mentions both development and infrastructure procurement.
Thomas Gerard Loney: [10:18] Yeah, so it, the infrastructure that's going to be considered the host infrastructure for this new ID, you know, whether it's an admin split or a functional split, that's already in place and up and running. It's already something that's, that's in our production environment. Is that correct?
Kirithiga Devarajan: [10:37] Yeah, we do have up and running in production. But on top of that, now some new requirements, that needs to be done.
Rishabh Richhariya: [10:48] There are two parts here, Tom. Like what Kritika is mentioning. One is the existing up and running servers which are there in production, which is running as of now today. But parallelly, we have a requirement to have additional, uh, servers to be installed for, uh, different functionality. So, that new setup would be done, uh, like post this, right? Like post the CSIS migration only, because parallelly the work is already started. Uh, like SLDN and all these processes started for the new server, but under the new CSI ID only, all the things has been, uh, started to be registered, right? So, uh, that change is not impacting the decision we are taking to have that is an admin split or a functional split. That's, that's the question.
Gaurav Saxena: [11:47] Yeah.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [11:47] Or will that cause any implication from the CSI point of view, anything related to that part, are we clear or we are yet to explore.
Gaurav Saxena: [12:00] I think I don't understand, I, I missed some part of the question. So, you are saying that, uh, if we are having some future date, uh, as inception date for a new CSI, then, we will not be mixing these two things up.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [12:21] Yeah, that's right. But then my inception date is something before Jan 2024. Then only encryption is not in scope as per policy. So, if that is the case, they don't want to take that. At least not from their end, but still we, we can go ahead and check with the vendor. At least they can do the DB level encryption. Application layer level encryption if they are not able to do or the tokenization they are good with that. At least the mere DB level encryption is advisable, but not mandated at this point as we are going with earlier inception date with an administrative split.
Gaurav Saxena: [13:02] Exactly. Can we say it that way? Yeah. And the date we can find out when that Taiwan application came into existence and we can use that date in our case.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [13:19] So, Rishab, do we have that information with us? Like, is at least it's before Jan 2024?
Rishabh Richhariya: [13:26] It went live in 2022, but exact date, uh, we have to check maybe someone from the L2 team.
Gaurav Saxena: [13:34] I think from that CSI, cannot we pull that out like from the old existing CSI?
Kirithiga Devarajan: [13:40] That CSI is tagged under multiple projects, right?
Gaurav Saxena: [13:41] Oh, that is the problem.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [13:44] So, umbrella of the entire CRC.
Gaurav Saxena: [13:47] Hm, okay.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [13:49] So, the next step should be, why we chose that earlier inception date. It is an administrative split, but still we need to mention this has been in production since 2022 and what are, and even we do have multiple involved, we will still go with the actual prod live date. Okay. Actual prod live date. Okay.
Gaurav Saxena: [14:04] And we will be working on CSI new CSI registration. So, Rishab, who, who will be accountable for this? Like, I know this will be handled from the project manager or, or some senior from that respect. So, who is assigned for this to us, who can handle this role for us.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [14:49] From the app manager aspect, it should be Chirag, but Chirag is on planned leave, at least till this month. Of course, he will be available, but the app manager is Chirag, it is under Chirag now.
Gaurav Saxena: [15:13] Anyone who is shadowing him or you are not aware of it?
Kirithiga Devarajan: [15:18] Maybe I'm not aware at least for ELS, certainly they people will be there to replace, but ELS maybe we are not aware. Do you have any idea?
Rishabh Richhariya: [15:29] No, information is reachable, but like, uh, might be like he's in planned vacation, but for any information we can reach out to him, but not sure like how actively he would be there on the system and all.
Gaurav Saxena: [15:42] Okay, so I will drop him a note that, uh, like who can help us to initiate this thing because it will take its own time. But okay.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [16:07] Anything else we need to discuss or...
Gaurav Saxena: [16:10] I think I'm good. Uh, Rishab, anything?
Rishabh Richhariya: [16:14] No, no, I'm good.
Gaurav Saxena: [16:16] Okay, okay.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [16:17] Good then.
Rishabh Richhariya: [16:18] Thank you.
Gaurav Saxena: [16:19] Okay, thanks everyone. Bye bye. Yeah.
Rishabh Richhariya: [16:21] Bye bye. Yeah.
Gaurav Saxena: [16:22] Bye bye.
Gaurav Saxena: [16:30] Okay. Okay. So, Rishab, now from this call, what I believe, what I believe, uh, CSI date when the CSI was created is different in the system and inception date is different. So, I think those two dates will be separately mentioned while registering or while requesting for this CSI. We will not be mixing these two things up because definitely we need to attach history of all this conversation and all these things while registering for that CSI. So, we will mention all these things there. Okay, sorry, Kritika. You are on the point. So, long story short, this call was all about which inception day we will go with. So, basically that depends on what kind of split we are considering for this. So, basically, like since we are going at the administrative split level, so for us, it will be an earlier inception date. Now, so that is the decision we have made from this call. Now, that drills down to another, another level of, um, I would say decision which we need to make. That was from the April end whether we need encryption or not. Now, as Tom asked and like as April replied on her, uh, like conversation, um, although we do not qualify for encryption now and Tom was suggesting cannot we do it as a best, best practice. But even in that case, April told that we have, we don't have bandwidth in short. So we don't have bandwidth. So, what we say is like our earlier inception date is before Jan 2024 and that is why we are not in scope. Since we are making an administrative split, that's why our inception date will be this this, and because of the earlier inception date, we don't qualify for our, uh, encryption. Yeah, that's right. But then our earlier inception date is something before Jan 2024. If we are, if our inception date is before Jan 2024, then only encryption is not in scope as per policy. So, if that is the case, they don't want to take that. At least not from their end, but still we, we can go ahead and check with the vendor. At least they can do the DB level encryption. Application layer level encryption if they are not able to do or the tokenization they are good with that. At least the mere DB level encryption is advisable but not mandated at this point as we are going with earlier inception date with an administrative split. Okay, anything else we need to discuss or...
Gaurav Saxena: [19:10] I think I'm good. Rishab, anything?
Rishabh Richhariya: [19:14] Uh no, I am good.
Gaurav Saxena: [19:15] Okay. Okay.
Kirithiga Devarajan: [19:17] Good then.
Rishabh Richhariya: [19:18] Thank you.
Gaurav Saxena: [19:19] Okay. Thanks everyone. Bye bye. Yeah.
Rishabh Richhariya: [19:21] Bye bye. Yeah.
Gaurav Saxena: [19:22] Bye bye.