Here is the transcript from the call:
Speaker 1: The problem with these people is, they want to understand, like, system-wise, how we are improving or what we are adding to this system, to a system which is already there. So I understand that we are building something new and all, but in this, we don't have anything old. You mean to say that. So where is...
Speaker 2: Nothing. Let me pull out the phase one architecture so that you can see. So this is the phase one deck. We may be able to point out some commonness to what phase one implementation is because the implementation itself was a generative AI implementation. So we did not have this kind of a complex agentic architecture in place. It's a generative AI solution.
Speaker 1: Yeah, because the last one was direct API call. It was not AI, right, altogether?
Speaker 2: Yes, that's it. See, if you see this, let me wipe this off. So this is phase one. This is how we did that. So there is a user, which hits the reg management screen, so this is what... this is not reg management, this is CIA screen. And through a REST service, obligation and publication text is picked up. From there, it is returned. That's it. Simple. Even if you look at component data view, see here... Smart Assist. And this is the UI, this is their UI. User selects obligation, publications, in run time. From the front end, result is executed. Step number four, component involved, LLM processes, here. Step five is UI, it returns back. So we had very less layers last year.
Speaker 1: Actually, looking at this, now I'm thinking how to present this. We can add these diagrams for them, like phase one and phase two. But I don't want to give them ground to ask more and more questions.
Speaker 2: No, what we can position is phase one was a generative solution. We can mention the simple architecture that we used for phase one versus the agentic solution. And at this point of time, we are not even decommissioning the phase one service. It's an independent service in a different module, which we may or may not disturb in the next part of the year. So this year, phase two does not have it in scope of what we covered in phase one. Because we are implementing an agentic solution, if we have time we will merge the phase one also into phase two. Otherwise, on an ARB perspective, there is no mention of phase one service to be migrated into an agentic perspective. So it will stay as is where it is, unless there is a business direction saying that we would want even last year's implementation in the chatbot. See, chatbot by itself is unique. It by itself is a separate layer. So phase one is on a different module altogether, which we are not even trying to touch at this point of time, even in the next part of the year as well. Let's say even our P2B passes now this in August, we still have three, four months. So even with the extension of capabilities, only if we have time, we will bring in the phase one into phase two. But otherwise, there's no plan to touch it.
Speaker 1: So if we summarize this as, Smart Assist Phase One was delivered in a module which was directly a generative module talking to LLM, that's it. And this module is independent. Phase Two is bringing new solution, agentic solution, for enabling the agentic capabilities, etc. And these two are independent, so nothing in terms of architecture and in terms of code is shared. And the usages are very different. So if we place ourselves in that way, we would be right, right?
Speaker 2: Yeah, we would be right. Because the solution itself is different. See, there the user is...
Speaker 1: Phase one... like what problem solution was delivered in phase one? What was the, I would say, the business solution we delivered in phase one?
Speaker 2: See, the phase one is a GenAI tool. It will... if you see what I'm highlighting, "Extraction of actionable components from publications, test definition, test steps"... sorry, this is not, phase one is only the first sentence, the highlighting, two and three are not there. So this is the only one that was used for the phase one. Okay? You can see the map here. Phase one, extraction of actionable components. Last year we delivered it. Phase two is what we are doing this year. Phase one had only one actionable component, summaries that is being generated from an obligation. That's it. That's the only one capability that we are developing. Now in this year, there are at least six or seven capabilities that we are bringing in, which is a part of phase two. This is completely delivered via a chatbot. This is not delivered via a chatbot, this is integrated into CIA workflow itself. Phase one was integrated into CIA workflow. So user was able to access the AI button on the workflow itself, which is a different implementation. It's like an input and output. Here we have a chatbot as an interface which is separately developed, which is communicating, which is a median layer between the user and the final CIA workflow.
Speaker 1: Let's do one thing, let's do one thing. Let's add one slide giving them this phased delivery. Like what you showed me in the table.
Speaker 2: Yes, yes. We can...
Speaker 1: We will add phase one diagrams there, phase two diagrams there, and we will clearly give them another slide in which we will say what capabilities was delivered in phase one, how it is integrated in CIA application and what was the delivery. And what is two about. So this will give them I think a good idea of what we delivered in phase one, what we are targeting in phase two. And these are two separate things overall. It's not like we are building on top of... phase one was there, and phase two is building on top of it.
Speaker 2: Yes, the separate... that's what happens in projects, so yeah, they came back with that mentality, but okay. We can add a couple of slides and we can get this sorted then. Okay.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 2: Yeah, on an architectural perspective it is completely different. That is zameen asman ka farak [a world of difference]. It's like what we did was a very simple, plain vanilla generative AI solution. Which was the case. Agents were not there at that point of time. Agentic solution did not even exist even in the market. So this year was an agentic revolution where everyone started moving to agents. So we had to set up MCP servers, MCP tools, we had to develop the agentic architecture, and then ARB came in between. Otherwise we had a roadblock. City introduced ARB as a platform. ADK as a... as a tool that we have to use to develop any agent. So we had to use ARB and ADK to bring every agent on-boarded and developed within ARB. ARB is a boundary by itself. ARB is a City-defined unit, or a City-defined compartment where the agents will be deployed. It is very protected, has huge guard rails. There's a kill switch. The moment agent determines, or the ARB determines that there is something like a foul or a biased nature of prompt that is being sent or a command being sent, there's a kill switch within ARB. So it is completely City-owned infrastructure that they have developed. Of course, Google is an ADK's property, we probably have subscribed through Google. ADK is our development environment. So architecture-wise, we are not using anything that we deployed last year. It's zero. Everything is on ADK. Probably one or two prompts of last year we might have implemented, tweaked on it. That's it. Only a few prompts, what we used from last year to this year, maybe one or two prompts. Because we did some prompt engineering last year, a lot of prompt engineering took a lot of time and experimentation. So probably we leveraged on the prompts that we had last year. That's it. And the reg service. Reg services is there, everyone uses reg service. To extract publication, obligation data, we use a reg service. So that's it. That's a common thing. If you ask sources, it's reg. If you ask the commonality about implementation, prompts. Probably some of the prompts may have been utilized this year alongside phase two. But that would also have been tweaked and made sure this is appropriate for agentic solution. Those are the only two overlapping or usable components of last year.
Speaker 1: Okay, so let's do one thing. You can give me all these resources, this Confluence page, your phase one P2B deck, and then help me with two slides, like these two slides. I will combine everything. I need to drop them an email, so I will add you also in that email to confirm. Like whatever we discussed, I will summarize everything and then give it to them. But in addition to that, I will also update the P2B deck. We will review it tomorrow, that's fine. But that combined P2B deck would be required in that case, I believe.
Speaker 2: Okay, phase one and phase two. Okay, I'll add them appropriately. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 2: Sure.
Speaker 1: The way you explained me, I don't think that should confuse them. So that should clarify most of their concerns that they have in their mind.
Speaker 2: Yeah, yeah. If required, Seenu can also be present. Seenu is far superior in terms of articulating the architecture compared to me, Vaibhav, or Ashok. So Seenu also can be present. He has been there part of phase one, phase two, he knows the architecture in and out. So he has been a solution architect for both of them, along with Vinod is in there. Vinod was last year solution architect for us. Vaibhav is there on both sides, phase one, phase two. So Vaibhav or Seenu can articulate better than me showing the differences and the commonalities. Majorly it is... it's a different set altogether this year.
Speaker 1: So maybe you can just brief him. So that...
Speaker 2: Yeah, sure.
Speaker 1: Assuming that they can ask questions like this, so be prepared for this, or like if that question comes up, you can take a lead on that, something like that.
Speaker 2: Sure, sure, I'll do that. We are waiting. I checked with Lynn. Lynn said that she will schedule it next week. I requested for this week and she declined it.
Speaker 1: Yeah, I saw this week... but I believe they are scheduling for next week. Next week.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I messaged Jessie as well because the project will be in red. So 7th is the last date. I mean it is already two weeks since we did not raise any risk hoping that ARB will be done and we are on-boarded into Agent Flow. The one conditional approval that we received, because we were not on-boarded into Agent Flow, so I replied back yesterday to the Agentic AI forum asking for a reversal of a conditional approval and giving us a full approval. Because we have an Agent Flow now ready, and I sent them screenshots and evidences as well. They have not replied. I'm checking with Agentic Forum if they can give a full approval, so that we can move to ARB easily. We can submit that also to ARB instead of a conditional approval. So on a deployment level whatever is pending with the Agent Flow or Agent Tech matrix that forum wanted, we all have that as well. We have that completed. Only thing is we did not push it to PROD because PROD deployment is late. I mean, it happens only at the month end. Until then we will not be able to deploy it in PROD. But we deployed in UAT as well. It is working in SIT, UAT, we tested it. Everything is working seamlessly. Once the... there is a reply from Agentic AI forum, I'll send it across to you. But they have not replied. I have to follow up today.
Speaker 1: And have you received like an approval from Cal right for this?
Speaker 2: No, he did not approve it. He has subjected it to P2B and P2D... he did not approve it. He did not approve the P2B.
Speaker 1: Oh, is that right? I was confused.
Speaker 2: Yeah, he did not approve it.
Speaker 1: Did you ask him? Why he has not approved?
Speaker 2: Yeah, he did not approve it. I checked the last Friday itself I checked because... yeah, and he... this is the message that I got from... see here, he approved it, he created a P2B ARB, an ARB, and then again created a subtask for P2B and P2D. So, in a way, he has approved it, he accepted it, but triggered an ARB without approving it. He could have approved and then triggered an ARB. It would have been...
Speaker 1: Did you tell him that this is the process flow? I have seen people approving it and then this ARB triggers.
Speaker 2: Yes, yeah. But he created an ARB, he made an interp... I don't know how he got an option to even create a subtask, P2B subtask, but he did that. So because of which PTS planned execution cannot be closed. So it's already eighth month of the year, so we have been on P2B for more than two months. So my PMO, which is Jessie, she will be like... we have to raise a risk now. That is a project level risk which will be escalated to Hakeem and Shaji, everyone, and it's unnecessary after doing so much of work and hard work, and both on the engineering side and also on the design, architecture side, you have helped a lot, everyone did. And this risk will highlight this project across organization. I am just worried about that.
Speaker 1: I will be connecting with Cal today for this, and I will be checking, like, if he can approve it.
Speaker 2: He can approve it, anyway you guys will be triggered for larger ARB. Why we are not going with that route?
Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah. The traditional thing, right?
Speaker 2: Yeah, I don't know why he thought that creating a P2B ARB and P2D ARB separately, I don't know why he thought that. Alright, I'll... I'll share those slides and also justification.
Speaker 1: Yeah, okay, two slides. Okay. Sure.
Speaker 2: Yes. Sure, sure.
Speaker 1: Okay. Thanks Gaurav. Thank you so much.
Speaker 2: Thank you, thank you. Bye.
Speaker 1: Bye.